Markdown doc improvements (#267)
stoplightio/studio: docs/Documentation/03-markdown-basics.md

# Using Markdown in Documentation

### What is Markdown?

> Markdown is a text-to-HTML conversion tool for web writers.
>
> Markdown allows you to write using an easy-to-read, easy-to-write plain text format, then convert it to structurally valid XHTML (or HTML).

For example, this entire page was created using Markdown!

Below is a quick reference of all the Markdown syntax that is supported by Stoplight.

> _All of the notes, descriptions, and content fields in the Stoplight editors support use of [Stoplight Flavored Markdown](./03a-stoplight-flavored-markdown.md). SMD supports more advanced features like themable callouts and embedded json schema models._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_All of the notes, descriptions, and content fields in the Stoplight editors support use of [Stoplight Flavored Markdown](./03a-stoplight-flavored-markdown.md). SMD extends CommonMark adding more advanced features like themable callouts and embedded JSON Schema models._
```
